hello very nice people that says that
we are in another example for you
we're in with sir shooter let's see
How are we good at what is good?
there has to be active support that
we can see it to friends and people
you can not change progress in these modes
good good let's see how
I'm on a roll of the moment I think there's
What better not to talk because
about what you have here too
is taking out the accessories and that's
Useful
where there is always always be very
people's map earrings because the
true that
it helps a lot
Well, how are we doing from a mine?
for the Mediterranean '
it is loaded but here we have other times
just wait for them
fuck uncle
come on man you thought you were going to
do mister goblin well here
is an apprentice of the emirates and is that
I do not like good good
and little elf
come come climb climb
is the birds or ham granted these saints
hungry
to of mine how am I as I am fierce
I'm like a beast
very slowly because the mind is so
I can run, I'm not in a hurry
my mother we follow that uncle will leave
also face that knows where they are
enemies
well there is a little
the good thing that has to stand out the
accessories
come on man have this will retain the
active mother mine my mother how am i going uncle
his death is dead
I'm not back because there are so many
back being a beating but beating xy
xi but let's go the moment
or die fuck go piece of departure
is taking out already
already be able to have six casualties I
sac the nuclear session gave
or
we believe that death is super cute uncle
come on come on let's go
I'm not moving you with this machine
machine not for god
you shoot everything you shoot
come on man
my mother, my mother
runs runs through here comes another
and good vote the boots I love
the life
in fixing so much
and good good good good we are
taking out for a tremendous game and
from me in aunt
so that people change
come on let's go man
I love watching people die
I put myself here I start to go around and
how I pulled away while I can catch you
easily uncle
you better let's move forward a little bit
I'm going to advance a little bit and move forward
water where I was but are waiting
from the window good good good does not matter
it does not happen nor does it give me or average 24 to 5 in
francs of designer sniper people
small beating in a beating and 16 casualties
followed in an authentic madness more
it is good, well, nothing people hope
that you liked that you have gone through
well many of us all see the
next goodbye